september	inanimate
2001	Not in Knowledge Base
soort	male
zelfmoordterrorist	Not in Knowledge Base
kenmerk	Not in Knowledge Base
kenmerken	female
zelfmoordterrorist	Not in Knowledge Base
nobody	Not in Knowledge Base
redenen	male
Zelfmoordaanslagen	Not in Knowledge Base
discussie	animate
Hezbollah	Not in Knowledge Base
groepering	Not in Knowledge Base
Libanon	Not in Knowledge Base
zelfmoordaanslag	Not in Knowledge Base
jaren	female
eeuw	male
beweging	female
eeuw	male
zelfmoordaanslagen	Not in Knowledge Base
aantal	inanimate
oogst	inanimate
maanden	inanimate
Irak	female
Hezbollah-imam	Not in Knowledge Base
strategie	male
Koran	inanimate
zelfmoord	inanimate
zonde	plural
leiders	inanimate
Hamas	male
Jihad	inanimate
bedenkingen	Not in Knowledge Base
verzetsbewegingen	Not in Knowledge Base
zelfmoordaanslagen	Not in Knowledge Base
jaren	female
zelfmoordaanslag	Not in Knowledge Base
discussie	animate
vraag	inanimate
antwoord	inanimate
zelfmoordenaars	Not in Knowledge Base
gemeengoed	Not in Knowledge Base
voorkeur	Not in Knowledge Base
verzet	male
Zefmoordenaars	Not in Knowledge Base
slachtoffers	plural
willekeur	Not in Knowledge Base
geloofsgenoten	Not in Knowledge Base
gebrek	female
verontwaardiging	animate
moslims	plural
aanslagen	Not in Knowledge Base
september	inanimate
2001	Not in Knowledge Base
verwijt	inanimate
Hamas	male
wandaad	Not in Knowledge Base
onschuldigen	Not in Knowledge Base
hypocrisie	Not in Knowledge Base
beweging	female
slachtoffers	plural
militairen	plural
burgers	plural
ogen	inanimate
Hama	inanimate
onderscheid	animate
Israelier	Not in Knowledge Base
militair	male
Israel	male
staat	male
principe	male
oog	inanimate
oog	inanimate
tand	Not in Knowledge Base
tand	Not in Knowledge Base
Buitenlanders	inanimate
Amerikanen	plural
Hamas	male
golf	inanimate
zelfmoordaanslagen	Not in Knowledge Base
Irak	female
jaar	animate
aanslagen	Not in Knowledge Base
Casablanca	Not in Knowledge Base
Londen	plural
Sharm el-Sheikh	Not in Knowledge Base
terroristen	inanimate
definitie	Not in Knowledge Base
vijanden	animate
Irak	female
al-Qaeda	Not in Knowledge Base
groepen	plural
collaborateurs	Not in Knowledge Base
sji'ieten	Not in Knowledge Base
bezetters	plural
Egyptenaren	plural
Sharm el-Sheikh	Not in Knowledge Base
geld	inanimate
toeristen	plural
Broedermoord	Not in Knowledge Base
middel	inanimate
zelfmoordaanslag	Not in Knowledge Base
aanslagen	Not in Knowledge Base
Irak	female
ongelovige	Not in Knowledge Base
afvallige	Not in Knowledge Base
Conclusie	male
al-Qaeda	Not in Knowledge Base
organisatie	female
terrein	inanimate
Zelfmoordterroristen	Not in Knowledge Base
lagen	Not in Knowledge Base
bevolking	inanimate
zelfmoordenaars	Not in Knowledge Base
Mohammed Atta	male
jongeman	male
verklaring	inanimate
armen	animate
ongeschoolden	Not in Knowledge Base
tijd	inanimate
energie	inanimate
capaciteiten	Not in Knowledge Base
terroristen	inanimate
Casablanca	Not in Knowledge Base
Sharm el-Sheikh	Not in Knowledge Base
sloppenwijken	Not in Knowledge Base
schuldigen	Not in Knowledge Base
drama	inanimate
juli	inanimate
Londen	plural
middenklasse	Not in Knowledge Base
verklaring	inanimate
moslims	plural
toekomstperspectieven	Not in Knowledge Base
al-Jazeera	Not in Knowledge Base
gedachten	animate
internet	inanimate
manier	inanimate
verbitterden	Not in Knowledge Base
iedereen	male
internet-aansluiting	Not in Knowledge Base
satellietkabel	Not in Knowledge Base
Europa	male
toneel	inanimate
zelfmoordaanslagen	Not in Knowledge Base
aanslagen	Not in Knowledge Base
Londen	plural
Europa	male
zelfmoordenaars	Not in Knowledge Base
Moslims	plural
Europa	male
Europa	male
oorlog	male
Irak	female
Bin Ladens	Not in Knowledge Base
vredesaanbod	Not in Knowledge Base
jaar	animate
Europeanen	plural
antwoord	inanimate
kans	male
zelfmoordaanslag	Not in Knowledge Base
Europeaan	Not in Knowledge Base
aanval	plural
wezens	Not in Knowledge Base
dit	inanimate
terrorist	Not in Knowledge Base
Zelfmoord	inanimate
koran	inanimate
kader	male
moslims	plural
antwoord	inanimate
Daroel Oeloem Karachi	Not in Knowledge Base
scholen	plural
Pakistan	male
gemeenschap	female
moslims	plural
strijdkrachten	Not in Knowledge Base
land	plural
burger	inanimate
jihad	inanimate
vrouwen	plural
kinderen	plural
zieken	plural
burgers	plural
vijand	Not in Knowledge Base
oog	inanimate
oog	inanimate
tand	Not in Knowledge Base
tand	Not in Knowledge Base
moslim	male
Engeland	male
Irak-beleid	Not in Knowledge Base
Britten	plural
Irak	female
onschuldigen	Not in Knowledge Base
Engeland	male
leven	inanimate
geloofsgenoten	Not in Knowledge Base
Allah	male
twijfel	inanimate
aanzien	animate
dood	inanimate
geleerden	Not in Knowledge Base
mening	inanimate
feit	male
zelfmoordaanslagen	Not in Knowledge Base
Darin Aboe Aisheh	male
checkpoint	Not in Knowledge Base
Jordaanoever	Not in Knowledge Base
gewaad	plural
lijkwade	Not in Knowledge Base
vlag	Not in Knowledge Base
