pub	inanimate
stukje	inanimate
Engeland	inanimate
Premier John Major	male
zoon	male
circusartiesten	plural
stad	inanimate
1993	inanimate
jaar	inanimate
Groot-Brittannie	inanimate
land	inanimate
schaduwen	inanimate
velden	inanimate
bier	inanimate
buitenwijken	inanimate
hondenliefhebbers	plural
George Orwell	male
dienstmeiden	plural
mist	inanimate
herfstochtend	inanimate
communie	inanimate 
Major	male
Conservatieven	plural
ambtstermijn	inanimate
leider	male
1997	inanimate
Tony Blair	male
ster	neutral
Labour	plural
Major	male
cricket	inanimate
voorspelling	inanimate
Blair	male
droom	inanimate
New Britannia	inanimate
welvaart	inanimate
gelijkheid	inanimate
platteland	inanimate
verstedelijking	inanimate
land	inanimate
schaduwen 	inanimate
cocon	inanimate
plattelandsbevolking 	plural
veiligheid	inanimate
geborgenheid	inanimate
boeren	plural
aristocraten	plural
achterban	plural
Conservatieven 	plural
tranen	inanimate
maanden	inanimate
Engeland	inanimate
Wales	inanimate
hoornsignaal	inanimate
vossenjacht	inanimate
honden	plural
kleurenpalet	inanimate
rood	inanimate
koper	inanimate
zwart	inanimate
jachtgezelschappen	plural
ochtendmist	inanimate
meutes	plural
honden	plural
Camilla	female
mevrouw Parker Bowles	female
verbod	inanimate
plattelanders	plural
aanval	inanimate
manier	inanimate
leven	inanimate
Blair	male
ministers	plural
protesten	inanimate
keer	inanimate
gezichten 	inanimate
mensen	plural
jachtverbod	inanimate
vice-premier John Prescott	male
jagers	plural
Conservatieven	plural
pil	inanimate
Labour	plural
revolutie	inanimate
House	inanimate
Lords	plural
Britse Hogerhuis	plural
hereditary peers	plural
Binkies	plural
baronnen	plural
burggraven	plural
graven	plural
markiezen	plural
hertogen	plural
tafelzilver	inanimate
schulden	inanimate
landgoed	inanimate
zetel	inanimate
Hogerhuis	plural
privilege	inanimate
life peers	plural
leden	plural
hermelijn	inanimate
adel	plural
hertog van Buccleuch and Queensburry	male
grondbezitter	male
Verenigd Koninkrijk	inanimate
titel	inanimate
feit	inanimate
voorvaderen	plural
bastaardzoon	male
Charles II	male
man	male
minister Jack Straw	male
Binnenlandse Zaken	plural
Conservatieven	plural
Blair	male
politieke	inanimate
overmacht	inanimate
Hogerhuis	plural
loonslaven	plural
duvelstoejagers	plural
Labour	plural
Woede	inanimate
regimenten	plural
Black Watch	plural
veteranen	plural
gevechtseenheden	plural
blazer	inanimate
regimentsembleem	inanimate
regen	inanimate
reorganisatie	inanimate
leger	plural
slag	inanimate
regiment	plural
regering	plural
jaren	inanimate
historie	inanimate
veteraan	male
Conservatief	neutral
New Britannia	inanimate
troost	inanimate
bijna-zekerheid	inanimate
jaren	inanimate
dienstbaarheid	inanimate
land	inanimate
titel	inanimate
Conservatief Engeland	plural
voordrachten	inanimate
profvoetballers	plural
popsterren	plural
filmsterren	plural
regeringen	plural
populair	inanimate
volk	plural
Lagerhuis 	plural
vraagtekens	inanimate
lintjesregen	inanimate
koningin Elizabeth	female
hart	inanimate
glas	inanimate
bier	inanimate
gezelschap	plural
pub	inanimate
pubs	inanimate
tempo	inanimate
maand	inanimate
blijvers	inanimate
helft	inanimate
ketens	inanimate
geld	inanimate
banken	inanimate
pub	inanimate
stukje	inanimate
Engeland	inanimate
dichter	male
wandeling	inanimate
grond	inanimate
woede	inanimate
lucht	inanimate
Landeigenaren	plural
wandelaars	plural
hagel	inanimate
land	inanimate
Labour	plural
right to roam	inanimate
iedereen	plural
baan	inanimate
landeigenaren	plural
neiging	inanimate
Labour	plural
schuld	inanimate
ongeluk	inanimate
platteland	inanimate
Gekkekoeienziekte	inanimate
mond-en-klauwzeer	inanimate
jaren	inanimate
tol	inanimate
Boeren	plural
stallen	inanimate
lijken	inanimate
erven	inanimate
conto	inanimate
Labour	plural
Conservatieven	plural
tijdgeest	inanimate
Groot-Brittannie	inanimate
land	inanimate
autos	inanimate
Jaguar	inanimate
Rover	inanimate
Bently	inanimate
Rolls-Royce	inanimate
Rover	inanimate
autofabriek	inanimate
tijd	inanimate
telefooncellen	inanimate
routemaster	inanimate
dubbeldekker	inanimate
achterbalkon	inanimate
vehikel	inanimate
bussen	inanimate
Volvo	inanimate
Mercedes	inanimate
onderhoud	inanimate
uitlaatgassen	inanimate
bussen	inanimate
erfgoedroute	inanimate
toeristen	plural
rest	inanimate
pond	inanimate
stuk	inanimate
krant	inanimate
Kanaal	inanimate
continent	inanimate
Engelsman	male
superieur	male
Brussel	inanimate
New Britannia	inanimate
schoolkinderen	plural
identiteit	inanimate
etnische minderheden	plural
Pakistani	neutral
moslim	male
Aziaat	neutral
kinderen	plural
ogen	inanimate
huid	inanimate
onderzoekers	plural
Jeremy Paxman	male
interviewer	male
BBC	plural
boek	inanimate
portrait	inanimate
people	plural
volk	plural
tijd	inanimate
Britten	plural
heetwaterkruiken	inanimate
seksleven	inanimate
mysteries	inanimate
wereld	inanimate 
klasse	plural
emoties	inanimate
Paxmans	male
woorden	inanimate
beschrijving	inanimate
platteland	inanimate
echo	inanimate
verleden	inanimate 
