yuppie	Not in Knowledge Base
blaaskaak	Not in Knowledge Base
jaren	neutral
yeepie	Not in Knowledge Base
55-plusser	Not in Knowledge Base
geld	inanimate
tijd	neutral
Spanje	neutral
Turkije	neutral
Rabobank	neutral
yeepie	Not in Knowledge Base
Yeepie	Not in Knowledge Base
term	neutral
People	neutral
mond	female
55-plusser	Not in Knowledge Base
geld	inanimate
bloemetjes	Not in Knowledge Base
buiten	neutral
1946	Not in Knowledge Base
jaren	neutral
barricades	Not in Knowledge Base
geld	inanimate
economie	neutral
protestgeneratie	Not in Knowledge Base
leeftijd	neutral
leven	neutral
deur	neutral
vakanties	inanimate
buitenland	neutral
huis	neutral
grens	inanimate
yeepie	Not in Knowledge Base
Ruimtelijk Planbureau	neutral
woningen	inanimate
Nederlanders	neutral
buitenland	neutral
Nederland	neutral
miljoen	Not in Knowledge Base
yeepies	Not in Knowledge Base
aantal	neutral
miljoen	Not in Knowledge Base
2025	Not in Knowledge Base
Rabobank	neutral
groep	neutral
loep	inanimate
studie	neutral
titel	neutral
yeepie	Not in Knowledge Base
miljoen	Not in Knowledge Base
Rabobank-klanten	Not in Knowledge Base
procent	inanimate
oudere	animate
bank	neutral
algemeen	neutral
geld	inanimate
huizen	plural
erfenis	male
probleem	neutral
klanten	plural
Turkije	neutral
Spanje	neutral
geld	inanimate
klant	neutral
zicht	neutral
bank	neutral
zuiden	neutral
schatting	inanimate
Nederlanders	neutral
kust	neutral
Costa Brava	neutral
wintermaanden	inanimate
Zorginstellingen	neutral
emigratiegolf	Not in Knowledge Base
zorginstelling Wielborgh	neutral
Dordrecht	male
huizenpark	Not in Knowledge Base
zorggarantie	Not in Knowledge Base
kust	neutral
Residencia	Not in Knowledge Base
Cigueena	Not in Knowledge Base
Ooievaar	Not in Knowledge Base
ooievaar	Not in Knowledge Base
symbool	neutral
leven	neutral
jeugd	neutral
klimaat	neutral
management	neutral
Wielborgh	Not in Knowledge Base
banken	neutral
klanten	plural
Rabobank	neutral
hypotheekvorm	Not in Knowledge Base
klanten	plural
Spanje	neutral
Frankrijk	neutral
Dutch Desk	neutral
Rabo-vestiging	Not in Knowledge Base
Madrid	neutral
Nederlanders	neutral
aankoop	neutral
woning	neutral
bank	neutral
geld	inanimate
verkoop	neutral
hypotheken	neutral
verzekeringen	neutral
vermogen	neutral
Handig	inanimate
service	neutral
iedereen	Not in Knowledge Base
Spaans	neutral
trucjes	neutral
makelaar	female
emigrant	Not in Knowledge Base
hypotheek	inanimate
constructie	neutral
banken	neutral
bank	neutral
diensten	inanimate
yeepie	Not in Knowledge Base
creatie	neutral
hypotheekbank	Not in Knowledge Base
Rabobank	neutral
financier	Not in Knowledge Base
55-plusser	Not in Knowledge Base
Fortis Bank	neutral
specialisten	neutral
Spanje	neutral
deskundige	Not in Knowledge Base
u	inanimate
huis	neutral
oog	neutral
Fortis-brochure	Not in Knowledge Base
fotos	animate
sinaasappels	Not in Knowledge Base
oog	neutral
Fortis-deskundigen	Not in Knowledge Base
waterkranen	Not in Knowledge Base
straal	inanimate
service	neutral
jaren	neutral
bank	neutral
grond	neutral
vastgoed-ontwikkelaar	Not in Knowledge Base
strook	neutral
kilometer	neutral
bevolking	neutral
vakantieoorden	Not in Knowledge Base
golfbanen	neutral
golfbanen	neutral
hotels	inanimate
Kosten	neutral
miljoen	Not in Knowledge Base
financiers	Not in Knowledge Base
boodschap	neutral
greep	inanimate
groep	neutral
levensgenieters	Not in Knowledge Base
