Verkiezingen	neutral
Irak	female
burgers	neutral
moslims	neutral
Koerden	plural
christenen	female
succes	neutral
verkiezingen	neutral
onafhankelijkheid	neutral
Irak	female
1932	Not in Knowledge Base
Ontvoeringen	Not in Knowledge Base
intimidaties	Not in Knowledge Base
moorden	male
opstandelingen	Not in Knowledge Base
angst	neutral
vastberadenheid	female
creativiteit	neutral
vrijwilligers	plural
beweging	neutral
mensen	neutral
wereld	neutral
ik	Not in Knowledge Base
Ik	Not in Knowledge Base
democratie	neutral
Adil al-Lami	Not in Knowledge Base
kiescommissie	Not in Knowledge Base
Bagdad	neutral
journalist	female
obstakels	neutral
verkiezingen	neutral
zondag	neutral
Generaal Thomas Metz	male
commandant	male
grondtroepen	Not in Knowledge Base
Irak	female
offensieven	Not in Knowledge Base
patrouilles	Not in Knowledge Base
delen	inanimate
provincies	neutral
burgers	neutral
gebied	neutral
Irak	female
steden	neutral
Bagdad	neutral
Fallujah	Not in Knowledge Base
Baquba	Not in Knowledge Base
Tikrit	Not in Knowledge Base
verzet	inanimate
troepen	plural
regering	neutral
soenniet Ansar al-Sunna	Not in Knowledge Base
moslims	neutral
boycot	inanimate
stembusgang	Not in Knowledge Base
Stemlokalen	Not in Knowledge Base
groep	neutral
centra	plural
atheisme	Not in Knowledge Base
leider	male
al-Zarqawi	Not in Knowledge Base
guerrillastrijders	Not in Knowledge Base
zelfmoordcommandos	Not in Knowledge Base
verkiezingen	neutral
bloed	neutral
oorlog	neutral
principe	neutral
democratie	neutral
degenen	Not in Knowledge Base
ideologie	neutral
zondag	neutral
spel	neutral
regering-Bush	Not in Knowledge Base
Iraakse bondgenoten	female
fundamentalisten	Not in Knowledge Base
Zarqawi	neutral
aanhangers	male
dictator Saddam Hussein	male
Washington	plural
krachten	female
Irak	female
opkomst	inanimate
Bagdad	neutral
Witte Huis	neutral
wereld	neutral
graadmeter	Not in Knowledge Base
legitimiteit	Not in Knowledge Base
verkiezingen	neutral
regering	neutral
Extremisten	Not in Knowledge Base
minderheid	female
1932	Not in Knowledge Base
hand	neutral
scepter	neutral
Koerden	plural
sjiieten	Not in Knowledge Base
geweld	inanimate
opkomst	inanimate
meerderheid	female
zondag	neutral
meerderheid	female
zetels	neutral
parlement	neutral
overgangsregering	Not in Knowledge Base
president	inanimate
verkiezingen	neutral
succes	neutral
Bush	male
bril	female
mijlpaal	neutral
Irak-avontuur	Not in Knowledge Base
rechtvaardiging	Not in Knowledge Base
wapens	neutral
eind	neutral
tirannie	Not in Knowledge Base
vrijheid	neutral
democratie	neutral
je	neutral
conclusie	neutral
National Intelligence Council	neutral
CIA	neutral
week	neutral
Irak	female
invasie	neutral
trainingsbasis	Not in Knowledge Base
generatie	neutral
terroristen	inanimate
opkomst	inanimate
procent	inanimate
Witte Huis	neutral
Verenigde Staten	neutral
procent	inanimate
stembus	inanimate
presidentsverkiezingen	Not in Knowledge Base
procent	inanimate
Congres	neutral
procent	inanimate
commentatoren	Not in Knowledge Base
media	neutral
onverschilligheid	Not in Knowledge Base
Europese Unie	neutral
lidstaten	neutral
chaos	inanimate
Irak	female
gelijk	inanimate
Bush	male
voeten	female
je	neutral
verkiezingen	neutral
best	neutral
stap	neutral
bestuur	inanimate
Irak	female
eerst	Not in Knowledge Base
jaar	neutral
winnaars	female
compromissen	inanimate
verliezers	male
soennieten	Not in Knowledge Base
rechten	neutral
minderheid	female
sjiieten	Not in Knowledge Base
soort	neutral
machtspolitiek	Not in Knowledge Base
Republikeinen	neutral
Washington	plural
gevaar	neutral
burgeroorlog	Not in Knowledge Base
Irak	female
breuklijnen	Not in Knowledge Base
Aanhangers	male
groot-ayatollah Ali al-Sistani	inanimate
moskee	neutral
Bagdad	neutral
geestelijke	Not in Knowledge Base
verkiezingen	neutral
Irak	female
staat	male
model-Iran	Not in Knowledge Base
Foto	neutral
