Hezbollah-leider Hassan Nasrallah	male
oproep	Not in Knowledge Base
wapens	inanimate
verzet	male
beweging	female
Libanon	Not in Knowledge Base
verzet	male
formule	Not in Knowledge Base
Libanon	Not in Knowledge Base
Israel	male
Nasrallah	Not in Knowledge Base
interview	male
tv-station	Not in Knowledge Base
Hezbollah	Not in Knowledge Base
Bush	male
dinsdag	male
Syrie	Not in Knowledge Base
Iran	plural
groepering	Not in Knowledge Base
rol	inanimate
Libanon	Not in Knowledge Base
wapens	inanimate
Democraten	Not in Knowledge Base
Hezbollah	Not in Knowledge Base
aanslag	Not in Knowledge Base
Beiroet	Not in Knowledge Base
1983	Not in Knowledge Base
militairen	plural
leven	inanimate
Bush	male
woensdag	inanimate
Hezbollah	Not in Knowledge Base
lijst	inanimate
organisaties	plural
Nasrallah	Not in Knowledge Base
interview	male
moord	Not in Knowledge Base
week	inanimate
arbeiders	plural
Libanon	Not in Knowledge Base
schande	male
uitspraak	inanimate
kader	male
Libanon	Not in Knowledge Base
woede	Not in Knowledge Base
invloed	Not in Knowledge Base
Syrie	Not in Knowledge Base
land	plural
moord	Not in Knowledge Base
maand	inanimate
oud-premier Rafik al-Hariri	Not in Knowledge Base
Libanezen	Not in Knowledge Base
oppositie	male
Syrie	Not in Knowledge Base
schuld	male
Libanezen	Not in Knowledge Base
woede	Not in Knowledge Base
gastarbeiders	Not in Knowledge Base
mededeling	inanimate
Nasrallah	Not in Knowledge Base
eerste	inanimate
Syriers	Not in Knowledge Base
