iets	inanimate
opsporingsmethoden	Not in Knowledge Base
jaar	animate
tegenstander	male
islam	female
alcohol	male
familie	male
hart	inanimate
maatschappij	female
strategie	male
misleiding	Not in Knowledge Base
aanslagen	Not in Knowledge Base
Londen	plural
kamikaze-acties	Not in Knowledge Base
moslimterroristen	Not in Knowledge Base
Europa	male
feit	male
wetenschapper Selma Belaala	male
achtergrond	inanimate
jongens	inanimate
aanslagen	Not in Knowledge Base
Londen	plural
moslims	plural
Londen	plural
Wetenschapper Selma Belaala	male
Parijs	inanimate
onderzoek	male
radicale	Not in Knowledge Base
gewelddadige	Not in Knowledge Base
stromingen	plural
islam	female
mei	inanimate
juni	inanimate
jaar	animate
Londen	plural
veldonderzoek	Not in Knowledge Base
aanslagen	Not in Knowledge Base
organisaties	plural
beeld	inanimate
islam	female
radicalisme	Not in Knowledge Base
Londen	plural
Londonistan	Not in Knowledge Base
kern	plural
moslimradicalen	Not in Knowledge Base
deel	inanimate
illegaliteit	Not in Knowledge Base
deel	inanimate
buitenland	inanimate
moskee	Not in Knowledge Base
Finsbury Park	inanimate
jaren 90	male
verzamelplek	Not in Knowledge Base
moslimradicalen	Not in Knowledge Base
Takfir-salafisten	Not in Knowledge Base
bijeenkomsten	Not in Knowledge Base
aanhangers	Not in Knowledge Base
jaren	male
regering	female
signalen	Not in Knowledge Base
welkom	inanimate
februari	Not in Knowledge Base
moskee	Not in Knowledge Base
conflict	Not in Knowledge Base
fundamentalisten	Not in Knowledge Base
radicalen	Not in Knowledge Base
wekenlang	Not in Knowledge Base
dag	inanimate
nacht	inanimate
moskee	Not in Knowledge Base
gematigden	Not in Knowledge Base
Takfir-salafisten	Not in Knowledge Base
uitbarsting	Not in Knowledge Base
autoriteiten	male
vluchtelingenstatus	Not in Knowledge Base
onderscheid	animate
radicalen	Not in Knowledge Base
fundamentalisten	Not in Knowledge Base
fundamentalist	Not in Knowledge Base
gematigden	Not in Knowledge Base
interpretatie	Not in Knowledge Base
islam	female
regels	inanimate
land	plural
pluralisme	Not in Knowledge Base
jaren 80	male
geweld	inanimate
dijk	male
Takfir-salafisten	Not in Knowledge Base
radicalen	Not in Knowledge Base
oorlog	male
Wereldrijk	Not in Knowledge Base
God	inanimate
waarden	plural
terugkeer	Not in Knowledge Base
tradities	plural
stroming	inanimate
televisies	Not in Knowledge Base
mensen	plural
handen	female
salafisten	Not in Knowledge Base
landen	inanimate
landen	inanimate
moslim-onderdanen	Not in Knowledge Base
islam	female
doelwit	Not in Knowledge Base
terrorisme	plural
connectie	Not in Knowledge Base
al-Qaeda	Not in Knowledge Base
verband	Not in Knowledge Base
oprichters	Not in Knowledge Base
al-Qaeda	Not in Knowledge Base
jaar	animate
Afghanistan	plural
Takfir-salafisten	Not in Knowledge Base
band	inanimate
geweld	inanimate
middel	inanimate
regimes	Not in Knowledge Base
radicalen	Not in Knowledge Base
Londen	plural
arrestaties	Not in Knowledge Base
Leeds	Not in Knowledge Base
gevolg	plural
verdachten	plural
Leeds	Not in Knowledge Base
familie	male
organisatie	female
radicalen	Not in Knowledge Base
Londen	plural
Veiligheidsdiensten	plural
mensen	plural
Leeds	Not in Knowledge Base
kamikazes	Not in Knowledge Base
onderdeel	inanimate
tactiek	Not in Knowledge Base
Takfir-salafisten	Not in Knowledge Base
oorlogsstrategie	Not in Knowledge Base
misleiding	Not in Knowledge Base
tegenstander	male
familie	male
dorp	male
stadje	male
deel	inanimate
samenleving	female
gedachten	animate
vijand	Not in Knowledge Base
tegenstander	male
islam	female
alcohol	male
vragen	inanimate
familie	male
hart	inanimate
maatschappij	female
zaak	inanimate
vader	male
cricket	Not in Knowledge Base
daders	plural
september	inanimate
leven	inanimate
aanslagen	Not in Knowledge Base
Twin Towers	male
strategie	male
Groot-Brittannie	Not in Knowledge Base
verdachten	plural
aanslagen	Not in Knowledge Base
voorouders	Not in Knowledge Base
Engeland	male
Nederland	female
moslim-radicalen	Not in Knowledge Base
jongeren	plural
identiteit	plural
westen	Not in Knowledge Base
opa's	Not in Knowledge Base
oma's	Not in Knowledge Base
tradities	plural
soort	male
leegte	male
westen	Not in Knowledge Base
symbool	male
verlies	inanimate
cultuur	inanimate
tradities	plural
niveau	inanimate
televisie	male
media	inanimate
beelden	plural
lezen	inanimate
verhalen	animate
doden	plural
Irak	female
geweld	inanimate
gebieden	Not in Knowledge Base
media	inanimate
boodschap	male
moslims	plural
wereld	inanimate
slachtoffer	female
moslims	plural
moslim	male
thuis	Not in Knowledge Base
West-Europa	Not in Knowledge Base
integratie	female
vader	male
analfabeet	Not in Knowledge Base
taal	inanimate
boodschap	male
moslims	plural
wereld	inanimate
gevoel	inanimate
uitsluiting	plural
maatschappij	female
haat	Not in Knowledge Base
maatschappij	female
opstand	Not in Knowledge Base
wereld	inanimate
salafisten	Not in Knowledge Base
hoek	inanimate
mensen	plural
jongeren	plural
Londonistan	Not in Knowledge Base
stroming	inanimate
alternatief	animate
jongeren	plural
radicaliseren	Not in Knowledge Base
politiek	inanimate
religieus	Not in Knowledge Base
Takfir-salafisten	Not in Knowledge Base
mogelijkheid	male
onrechtvaardigheid	Not in Knowledge Base
moslims	plural
wereld	inanimate
kamikazestrijders	Not in Knowledge Base
maatschappij	female
terrorisme	plural
missie	plural
onrecht	Not in Knowledge Base
opgave	inanimate
regeringen	inanimate
veiligheidsdiensten	plural
opsporingsmethoden	Not in Knowledge Base
jaar	animate
zelfmoordenaars	Not in Knowledge Base
Oplossingen	inanimate
beleid	inanimate
doden	plural
Irak	female
moslims	plural
Europa	male
landen	inanimate
conflicten	Not in Knowledge Base
oplossingen	inanimate
land	plural
imams	Not in Knowledge Base
Imams	Not in Knowledge Base
emoties	inanimate
achterban	Not in Knowledge Base
debat	Not in Knowledge Base
moslims	plural
debat	Not in Knowledge Base
onderwerpen	inanimate
jongeren	plural
Irak	female
Afghanistan	plural
debat	Not in Knowledge Base
islam	female
salafisten	Not in Knowledge Base
kamikazes	Not in Knowledge Base
kind	inanimate
beelden	plural
Eerste Golfoorlog	inanimate
nasleep	Not in Knowledge Base
Tweede Golfoorlog	plural
Rwanda	inanimate
Stroming	inanimate
islam	female
terugkeer	Not in Knowledge Base
tradities	plural
gedachtengoed	inanimate
profeet Mohammed	male
tak	Not in Knowledge Base
Saoedi-Arabie	Not in Knowledge Base
geweld	inanimate
Takfir	Not in Knowledge Base
Takfir-salafisten	Not in Knowledge Base
staten	plural
Moslimburgers	Not in Knowledge Base
regeringen	inanimate
Geweld	inanimate
regeringen	inanimate
ongelovigen	plural
Selma Belaala	Not in Knowledge Base
onderzoeksinstituut Sciences Po	male
Parijs	inanimate
promotieonderzoek	Not in Knowledge Base
motieven	inanimate
verklaringen	female
gedrag	female
moslim-extremisten	Not in Knowledge Base
jaren 90	male
Algerije	Not in Knowledge Base
Marokko	female
jaar	animate
Londen	plural
gesprekken	Not in Knowledge Base
vertegenwoordigers	Not in Knowledge Base
stromingen	plural
