beller	female
Haifa	Not in Knowledge Base
Israel	neutral
Nederland	neutral
kopbal	Not in Knowledge Base
lul	female
iets	inanimate
spanningen	Not in Knowledge Base
Gaza	not sure, equal freqs
helikopter	Not in Knowledge Base
zuiden	neutral
deelnemer	neutral
Maccabiah	Not in Knowledge Base
gevechten	neutral
autoriteit	neutral
Hamas	neutral
raketten	Not in Knowledge Base
vergeldingen	Not in Knowledge Base
soldaten	plural
nederzettingen	neutral
grap	neutral
nepbom	Not in Knowledge Base
busstation	neutral
Jeruzalem	neutral
busstation	neutral
uur	neutral
voorstanders	Not in Knowledge Base
nederzettingen	neutral
gebied	neutral
mensen	neutral
verleden	neutral
sporters	plural
werelkampioenschap	Not in Knowledge Base
Olympische Spelen	neutral
wereldnieuws	neutral
nieuws	inanimate
sporter	inanimate
nieuws	inanimate
sporter	inanimate
route	neutral
topprestatie	Not in Knowledge Base
toernooi	neutral
beoefenaar	Not in Knowledge Base
wereldniveau	Not in Knowledge Base
blikveld	Not in Knowledge Base
begeleider	neutral
finales	animate
hockeyteams	Not in Knowledge Base
gezeik	Not in Knowledge Base
Gaza	not sure, equal freqs
Lance Armstrong	male
Tour	inanimate
tijd	neutral
interesse	inanimate
hockeyploegen	Not in Knowledge Base
